# Very Useful

Very Useful is an experimental smart contract automation tool leveraging AI LLM, fully customizable for any smart contract operations in DeFi, gaming and beyond, made during Sui Hacker House Bangkok.

- [Presentation](https://drive.google.com/file/d/17HabVfUrAwQooxJ7bpeBtVEQvm9hmOlI/view?usp=sharing)
- [Youtube](https://youtu.be/eBgjeIZQe2M)

## Use Cases
- **Gas Optimization:** Automatically analyze and provide suggestions to reduce gas costs, improving efficiency for Sui Move smart contracts.
- **Automated Liquidation Protection:** Monitor CDP positions in real-time and trigger adjustments based on market conditions to prevent liquidations.
- **Market Prediction & Outcome Segmentation:** Utilize AI to segment and predict market outcomes (e.g., price ranges for BTC).
- **Custom Oracle Integration:** Aggregate data from Pyth Oracle with additional unstructured data (e.g., sentiment analysis) for dynamic and reliable DeFi applications.

## Technologies
- **ZKLogin:** Allows users to log in with social accounts like Gmail in a decentralized manner, helping them acquire a Sui wallet without the need to install any wallet or manage private keys or seed phrases, which are highly prone to hacking.
- **Pyth Oracle:** Provides real-time data feeds, integrated through the off-chain SDK for both backend and frontend.
- **Claude AI:** An advanced language model designed for natural language tasks, including chat, summarization and analysis.
- **Voyage AI:** Used for text embedding into vector representations before processing with LLMs.
- **Langchain:** An SDK for interacting with various underlying AI services with built-in vector database.

## How it works

The project is an ordinary RAG application that extends the knowledge capacity of popular LLMs with specific knowledge sets, such as how to save gas costs on Sui Move, Pyth data feeds, market news, and more. This allows us to ask specific questions related to the provided context.

This version comes with 2 templates that help you automate tasks without the need to create new ones from scratch.

- **Gas Optimization Template** Analyzes smart contract code in Sui Move to identify inefficiencies and suggest ways to reduce gas consumption.
- **Outcome Segmentation Template** Segments potential outcomes based on market conditions, such as price ranges or asset performance.

The current version is very basic, once the output is generated, we still need to manually copy and paste the values into the smart contract through CLI or any block explorer.

In future versions, we plan to enable automatic triggering of smart contracts. Developers may need to whitelist the Sui wallet address generated by the system when updating or interacting with certain functions on the smart contract.

## How to Test

Check the .env file at the root and fill in all required API keys. Once completed, you can run the entire system by executing:

```
npm install
npm start
```

The frontend can be accessed at localhost:3000
